{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Documentation: \
\
Goals:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The goal of my portfolio is to house my work in an intuitive, user friendly space. Since the majority of my work is 3D work-such as game assets and product prototypes, I want to keep it simple and use an artstation-style grid to showcase each project through a rather large thumbnail. I plan to use large, almost page width images to showcase my final shots within each project to really show off the detail and maximize the viewing experience. My home page will consist of the previously mentioned grid along with a small description of myself as well as links to my other social media / contact info / resume. Project pages will reflect the same layout as the homepage but with project specific images. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
Design Decisions:\
\
I think this section can be answered with the above statement but to restate, because most of my work is final polished renders of 3D work, I decided to use a photo grid to display the images on my home screen and then large images of the final shots within each project page. \
\
\
\
Wire Frames:\
\
-see folder containing them either on git with this project or in design document submission-\
\
\
\
Sources:\
\
All images are my own - no stock images or other work. \
\
\
What changed:\
\
Cut down the number of projects I was displaying - initially I had a whole grid of other work but decided to keep my favorite work. \
\
Instead of a resume page I just linked it along with my other social media links. \
\
cut website down to one page - it used to link to an about me section and a resume page (seen in wireframes)\
\
\
\
\
\
Portfolio Project\
\
Site uses bootstrap to grid the images and pulls the images from my artstation and are supposed to link to their appropriate projects pages but I could not get them to link properly. \
\
\
\
\
All images on the site are my own \
\
\
\
\
\
\
}